meanwhile is the night
broken in info clutter how to
it keeps the drivers aware
does not depend on how crazy the other hand,
to drive it is now 11
11 o clock 12 o'clock in the night that is
we are in the middle of the 24 hours
from 03
on
Small collision at night
dark and stretch says wet that
you do not even see it from the cars
and I'll fix it. I got it
not a brake behind it massa
Brakes as a short point with two
hammering directed that's good can
to get together and repair a hammer
incredibly exhausting
so that is very bad and on the
Track on the track are the
headlights and there are only quite
narrow line carefully goes well
otherwise it is so weak that you
progresses or proves that his
Central has seem to look better than
babble
be it as it is foam or
welder in the right hands
drive the car forward as you do
on the basis of the two bolides caution
spared is said we drive though
only ten minutes that all three come
So what do we want more
You have to look good
Participants cope with offers
choose good line as I said for
to react possibilities have as us
continue around
So we really have to start from the beginning
trying to drive is the first
short box stop because unfortunately on
could cheer up anyway
Ruptured are 45 hours past ten
minutes or something then that's it
So do not do any discussion reality
like clockwork
also the skoda knights rust around with the
Number 42 are about to get back in
to climb his own